Initial smoke-test framework for docker testimages (#9330)
kyma-project/test-infra: images/README.md

* Always build from a source to ensure compiler vulnerabilities do not affect the resulting binary
* Link the binary to a specific version so that it's easier to update when necessary 
* Build binaries in a separate stage, then copy the resulting binary into the final image to ensure images are small and contain the least number of layers

> ## Writing image tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Write image tests
```

Author: It's continuous work. Should it really be written in simple than continuous?

Reviewer: Please read the second bullet point [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md#headings).

Author: Meh.

> to write simple smoke tests with your image, add an **executable** file called `test.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write simple smoke tests with your image, add an executable file called `test.sh`.
```

Author: I don't understand. I've purposely set the `executable` word in bold to highlight that this script must executable.

Reviewer: Please, see what we use bold font for in the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md#use-bold-font-for-these-items).

> The scripts should contain all steps that perform basic or advanced test operations against the image. You are allowed to use all binaries available in [E2E DinD K3d image](./e2e-dind-k3d) to test built image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scripts should contain all steps that perform basic or advanced test operations against the image. You can use all binaries available in [E2E DinD K3d image](./e2e-dind-k3d) to test the built image.
```

> Test script **must** exit with non-zero number, if any of the steps failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test script must exit with a non-zero number if any steps have failed.
```

By default, current context of a test script will always be Docker build context. Image name is passed as a variable `IMG`.

### Example

> The example below showcases the example definition of test.sh script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below showcases the example definition of the `test.sh` script.
```
